Allow selecting multiple exporters (#1758)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/sdk-environment-variables.md

**Status**: [Stable](document-status.md)

> We define environment variables for setting an exporter per signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define environment variables for setting one or more exporters per signal.
```
